NORMAN QUATES119 Fairway Dr. Covington, LA 70433 | nquates@gmail.com | 985-502-4161OBJECTIVESeeking local senior management position with a company to manage its resources (IT personnel, etc.) where I can use my experience to make that company run more efficient, while making its “online” presence effective, reliable and easy to use.  Alternatively, looking to work with an organization looking to take control of its own programming and web development needs by bringing those tasks in-house. EXPERIENCE: SOFTWAREOwner / Manager (April 2004 – present) Edata Axcess LLCMost of my time spent working for my two largest clients: PEC Safety: www.pecsafety.com, and BP www.bp.com. * Managed developer teams of two to twelve persons.  At other times, have been the sole developer on projects. * True “full stack” development:o From: setup and maintenance of web and application hosting using our own servers and on cloud based Amazon web services. o To: the design and development of entire web applications. o Designed efficient SQL databases that made analysis, entry, and retrieval of the data easy and straightforward. * With some tables having record counts in the millions, I insist on 2 second query time limits.  o Created and continue to upgrade several desktop applications, web services, windows services, and do graphics work when necessary. * 			Setup procedures and standards that, when adhered to, make the workflow fast, accountable and reliable. * Major Projects			:o PEC: Standard Safety Questionnaire (SSQ):* Online Web Application/SQL Server: where “Oil and Gas” operators and contractors share safety, health, and environmental statistics and policies with current data entered regularly by over 22K contractors. o PEC: Training Tracker:* Online Web Application/SQL Server: tracking 9.4 Million+ employee training records for contractors on over 800K individuals. o PEC: Document Management System:* Online Web Application/SQL Server: used by Contractors and Operators for securely archiving and sharing document images related to the SSQ and Training Tracker. Currently houses more than 675K documents from 20K companies. o BP: On	line Hours/Mileage and Safety Observation Tracking System: * Built and hosted Edata’s “Online Response Management System” that BP used from 2007 - 2016 to monitor contractor’s hours and mileage for safety reporting purposes. Added many customizations and reporting features for BP over the years. BP also used this system to track contractor hours for the Gulf Coast Recovery Organization they formed to manage environmental cleanup after the oil spill in 2010.Senior Developer (1999 – 2004) Antares Technology Solutions EXPERIENCE: OTHER INDUSTRIES Accounting:Tax Accountant (1991) Deloitte & ToucheFinanceCredit Administration/MIS Manager for Louisiana (1998-1999) Bank One.Last Position: Risk Management/Credit MIS Manager, (1991-1998) as a V.P. at First Commerce Corporation, the then parent of First NBC Bank.Oil & GasLast Position: V.P. Operations (1976 -1989) Platform Coating Services contractor with more than 150 employees.EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS* University of New Orleans, New Orleans, Louisiana.o Bachelor's degree in Accounting with a concentration in Finance, 1990.* Nicholls State University, Thibodaux, Louisiana.o Associate's Degree in Business Administration, 1979.* Certified Public Accountant* Microsoft Certified ProfessionalSKILLS* Software* Business management* Accounting* Project Management* Process ManagementSOFTWARE SKILL LEVELS* Expert C#, .NET, SQL Server, TFS, UI/UX Design, CSS, JavaScript, WCF, HTML5, Web Services, Photoshop, InDesign, Building Analytical Tools and Multi-threaded Windows Services. * Extensive Knowledge		Ajax, Octopus Deploy, Adobe Illustrator, Frameworks: jQuery, jQueryUI.* General Knowledge (used sparingly or used extensively but haven’t used in a while)Bootstrap, AngularJS, and AngularJS 2, MVC, iOS, Objective-C, Swift, PHP, MySQL, Linux, PostgreSQL, Visual Basic, PowerShell, ASP, Java, Source Control with: Git, CVS, SourceSafe.2